[docs] Add a guide on using local HTTPS development for web apps (#38799)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/local-https-development.mdx

Create or navigate to your Expo project:

<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '# Create a new project (if needed)',
    '$ npx create-expo-app@latest example-app',
    '$ cd example-app',
    '',
    '# Or navigate to existing project',
    '$ cd your-expo-project',
  ]}
/>

</Step>

<Step label="2">

Start your Expo development server:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo start --web']} />

Your app will be running on `http://localhost:8081`. Keep this terminal window open.

</Step>

<Step label="3">

Use `mkcert` to generate a certificate for localhost. Run the following command in a new terminal window from your project's root directory:

<Terminal cmd={['$ mkcert localhost']} />

> **info** **Tip**: Ensure that after installing `mkcert`, you run `mkcert -install` to install the local certificate authority (CA).

This will generate two signed certifcate files: `localhost.pem` (certificate) and `localhost-key.pem` (private key), inside your project's root directory.

</Step>

<Step label="4">

Inside your project's root directory, run the following command to start the proxy:

<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '$ npx local-ssl-proxy --source 443 --target 8081 --cert localhost.pem --key localhost-key.pem',
  ]}

>   cmdCopy={[
>     '$ npx local-ssl-proxy --source 443 --target 8081 --cert localhost.pem --key localhost-key.pem',
>   ]}

Author: ```suggestion
```

This is not required now since the command is on one line. In an earlier version of this draft, the command was divided into two lines.

/>

> > **info** **Tip**: `local-ssl-proxy` is a simple tool that creates a proxy server that forwards HTTPS traffic from port 443 to your Expo dev server on port 8081.

Author: ```suggestion
> **info** **Tip**: [`local-ssl-proxy`](https://github.com/cameronhunter/local-ssl-proxy) is a tool that creates a proxy server that forwards HTTPS traffic from port 443 to your Expo dev server on port 8081.
```
